GETTING_STARTED: misc usability improvements (#337)
ava-labs/teleporter: contracts/src/CrossChainApplications/GETTING_STARTED.md

```solidity
import {ITeleporterReceiver} from "@teleporter/ITeleporterReceiver.sol";
```

Then declare that the contract will implement it:

```diff
  contract MyExampleCrossChainMessenger is
-     ReentrancyGuard
+     ReentrancyGuard,
+     ITeleporterReceiver
  {
```

And then finally add the method `receiveTeleporterMessage` that receives the cross-chain messages from Teleporter.

```solidity
    /**
     * @dev Receive a new message from another chain.
     */
    function receiveTeleporterMessage(
        bytes32 sourceBlockchainID,
        address originSenderAddress,
        bytes calldata message
    ) external {

    }
```

Now it's time to implement the methods, starting with `sendMessage`. First, add the necessary imports.

```solidity
import {SafeERC20TransferFrom, SafeERC20} from "@teleporter/SafeERC20TransferFrom.sol";
import {IERC20} from "@openzeppelin/contracts@4.8.1/token/ERC20/IERC20.sol";
```

Next, add a `using` directive to the top of the contract body specifying `SafeERC20` as the `IERC20` implementation to use:

```solidity
    using SafeERC20 for IERC20;
```

> Then implement the `sendMessage` function with a check for whether `feeAmount` is greater than zero. If it is, transfer and approve the amount of IERC20 asset at `feeTokenAddress` to the Teleporter Messenger saved as a state variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then add a check to the `sendMessage` function for whether `feeAmount` is greater than zero. If it is, transfer and approve the amount of IERC20 asset at `feeTokenAddress` to the Teleporter Messenger saved as a state variable.
```

The wording here suggests that the fee check fully implements the function, which it does not.

> Note: `allowedRelayerAddresses` is empty in this example, meaning any relayer can try to deliver this cross chain message. Specific relayer addresses can be specified to ensure only those relayers can deliver the message.

```solidity
        emit SendMessage({
            destinationBlockchainID: destinationBlockchainID,
            destinationAddress: destinationAddress,
            feeTokenAddress: feeTokenAddress,
            feeAmount: adjustedFeeAmount,
            requiredGasLimit: requiredGasLimit,
            message: message
        });
        return
            teleporterMessenger.sendCrossChainMessage(
                TeleporterMessageInput({
                    destinationBlockchainID: destinationBlockchainID,
                    destinationAddress: destinationAddress,
                    feeInfo: TeleporterFeeInfo({
                        feeTokenAddress: feeTokenAddress,
                        amount: adjustedFeeAmount
                    }),
                    requiredGasLimit: requiredGasLimit,
                    allowedRelayerAddresses: new address[](0),
                    message: abi.encode(message)
                })
            );
```

> With the sending side complete, the next step is to implement `ITeleporterReceiver.receiveTeleporterMessage`. The receiver in this example will just receive the arbitrary string data, and check that the message is sent through Teleporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the sending side complete, the next step is to implement `ITeleporterReceiver.receiveTeleporterMessage`. The receiver in this example will just receive the arbitrary string data, and check that the message is sent through Teleporter. To  the `receiveTeleporterMessage` function, add:
```

import {ITeleporterReceiver} from "@teleporter/ITeleporterReceiver.sol";
```

Then declare that the contract will implement it:

```diff
  contract MyExampleCrossChainMessenger is
-     ReentrancyGuard
+     ReentrancyGuard,
+     ITeleporterReceiver
  {
```

And then finally add the method `receiveTeleporterMessage` that receives the cross-chain messages from Teleporter.

```solidity
    /**
     * @dev Receive a new message from another chain.
     */
    function receiveTeleporterMessage(
        bytes32 sourceBlockchainID,
        address originSenderAddress,
        bytes calldata message
    ) external {

    }
```

Now it's time to implement the methods, starting with `sendMessage`. First, add the necessary imports.

```solidity
import {SafeERC20TransferFrom, SafeERC20} from "@teleporter/SafeERC20TransferFrom.sol";
import {IERC20} from "@openzeppelin/contracts@4.8.1/token/ERC20/IERC20.sol";
```

Next, add a `using` directive in the contract declaration to specify `SafeERC20` as the `IERC20` implementation to use:

```solidity
contract MyExampleCrossChainMessenger is
    ReentrancyGuard,
    ITeleporterReceiver
{
```
```solidity
    using SafeERC20 for IERC20;
```

> ```solidity

Reviewer: The code blocks appear to be off here.

Author: the code blocks are "split" such that the bit that's to be copied for this particular instruction is in its own code block, whereas the surrounding "context" code, which is repeated from earlier instructions, is in is not included in the code block that needs to be copied to follow the instruction. this way the reader can easily hit the "copy" button on the code block needed to follow the instruction, without also copying the "context code" that they have already copied and pasted while following previous instructions.

i also explained that in the commit message [here](https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/pull/337/commits/fb8c1c045bcf61c3f136a5e26b8268d2605f6664). but i wrote the explanation for this comment fresh off the top of my head. i know the logic is a little complicated/convoluted, but hopefully _one_ of these explanations helps convey what i'm getting at. :)

    ...
}
```

Then in `sendMessage` check whether `feeAmount` is greater than zero. If it is, transfer and approve the amount of IERC20 asset at `feeTokenAddress` to the Teleporter Messenger saved as a state variable.

```solidity
    function sendMessage(
        ...
    ) external returns (bytes32 messageID) {
```
```solidity
        // For non-zero fee amounts, first transfer the fee to this contract, and then
        // allow the Teleporter contract to spend it.
        uint256 adjustedFeeAmount;
        if (feeAmount > 0) {
            adjustedFeeAmount = SafeERC20TransferFrom.safeTransferFrom(
                IERC20(feeTokenAddress),
                feeAmount
            );
            IERC20(feeTokenAddress).safeIncreaseAllowance(
                address(teleporterMessenger),
                adjustedFeeAmount
            );
        }
```

> ```solidity

Reviewer: The code block indicators appear to be off here.

    }
```

> Note: Relayer fees are an optional way to incentivize relayers to deliver a Teleporter message to its destination. They are not strictly necessary, and may be omitted if a relayer is willing to relay messages with no fee, such as with a self-hosted relayer.

Next, add the event to emit, as well as the call to the `TeleporterMessenger` contract with the message data to be executed when delivered to the destination address. In `sendMessage`, form a `TeleporterMessageInput` and call `sendCrossChainMessage` on the `TeleporterMessenger` instance to start the cross chain messaging process. The `message` must be ABI encoded so that it can be properly decoded on the receiving end.

> Note: `allowedRelayerAddresses` is empty in this example, meaning any relayer can try to deliver this cross chain message. Specific relayer addresses can be specified to ensure only those relayers can deliver the message.

```solidity
    function sendMessage(
        ...
    ) external returns (bytes32 messageID) {
        ...
```

> ```solidity

Reviewer: Code blocks appear off

            destinationAddress: destinationAddress,
            feeTokenAddress: feeTokenAddress,
            feeAmount: adjustedFeeAmount,
            requiredGasLimit: requiredGasLimit,
            message: message
        });
        return
            teleporterMessenger.sendCrossChainMessage(
                TeleporterMessageInput({
                    destinationBlockchainID: destinationBlockchainID,
                    destinationAddress: destinationAddress,
                    feeInfo: TeleporterFeeInfo({
                        feeTokenAddress: feeTokenAddress,
                        amount: adjustedFeeAmount
                    }),
                    requiredGasLimit: requiredGasLimit,
                    allowedRelayerAddresses: new address[](0),
                    message: abi.encode(message)
                })
            );
```
```solidity
}
```

With the sending side complete, the next step is to implement `ITeleporterReceiver.receiveTeleporterMessage`. The receiver in this example will just receive the arbitrary string data, and check that the message is sent through Teleporter.

```solidity
    /**
     * @dev Receive a new message from another chain.

>      */

Reviewer 2: I don't think we need the dev tag on the example code

Author: It was already on some things, but not others, so I added it on everything else to be consistent. My only preference is that we be consistent. Would you prefer we skip the natspec entirely in this code?

Reviewer: If the goal is to replicate the ExampleCrossChainMessenger, I think it's alright to leave the natspec comments in.

Reviewer 2: I don't really care that much, but does seem like we don't really need it.

    function receiveTeleporterMessage(
        bytes32 sourceBlockchainID,
        address originSenderAddress,
        bytes calldata message
    ) external {
```

> ```solidity

Reviewer: Code blocks appear off

        // Only the Teleporter receiver can deliver a message.
        require(msg.sender == address(teleporterMessenger), "Unauthorized.");

        // do something with message.
```
```solidity
    }
```

The base of sending and receiving messages cross chain is complete. `MyExampleCrossChainMessenger` can now be expanded with functionality that saves the received messages, and allows users to query for the latest message received from a specified chain.

## Step 4: Storing the Message

Start by adding a map to the body of the contract, in which the key is the `sourceBlockchainID` and the value is the latest `message` sent from that chain. The `message` is of type `Message`, which is already declared in the contract.

```solidity
    mapping(bytes32 sourceBlockchainID => Message message) private _messages;
```

Next, update `receiveTeleporterMessage` to save the message into the mapping after it is received and verified that it's sent from Teleporter. ABI decode the `message` bytes into a string. Also, emit the `ReceiveMessage` event.

```solidity
    function receiveTeleporterMessage(
        ...
    ) external {
        ...
        // do something with message.
```

> ```solidity

Reviewer: Code blocks appear off

Also, replace the contract declaration to inherit from `TeleporterOwnerUpgradeable` instead of `ITeleporterReceiver`:

```diff
contract MyExampleCrossChainMessenger is
     ReentrancyGuard,
-    ITeleporterReceiver
+    TeleporterOwnerUpgradeable
{
```

Next, update the constructor to invoke the `TeleporterOwnerUpgradeable` constructor.

```diff
-     constructor(address teleporterMessengerAddress) {
-         teleporterMessenger = ITeleporterMessenger(teleporterMessengerAddress);
-     }
+     constructor(
+         address teleporterRegistryAddress,
+         address teleporterManager
+     ) TeleporterOwnerUpgradeable(teleporterRegistryAddress, teleporterManager) {}
```

Then, remove the `teleporterMessenger` state variable:

```diff
-     ITeleporterMessenger public immutable teleporterMessenger;
```

And at the beginning of `sendMessage()` add a call to get the latest `ITeleporterMessenger` implementation from `TeleporterRegistry`:

```solidity
    function sendMessage(
        ...
    ) external returns (bytes32 messageID) {
```

> ```solidity

Reviewer: Code blocks appear off

Reviewer: Do we want to remove this triple code block as well?

Author: Ah yes indeed, thank you, done in https://github.com/ava-labs/teleporter/commit/3814571134a29106bf2d0ccb57fc149efd24a370
